# August 27, 2025
Today i created my first github account and repository. Im excited to use github for my future projects
# September 3, 2025
I think that the cell phone ban was the wrong choice for students. Overall students are more upset and tense when it comes to school, the phone time during free class time or in lunch helps students relax and calm down.Personally i think the phone ban was worse because studnets were able to calm down and rexlax.
# September 22, 2025
I feel like having these types of virtual jobs can be helpful for future. Virtual jobs can make it possible for those that cant work phyiscally able to still have some sort of pay. It can provide insurance,dental and genral coverage. Those struggling to find work would be able to find some online with only a few clicks. These ways of work would be nothing but helpful. So many different oppurtunities and many kinds of work.
# October 6, 2025
If i were incharge of a school i would ban certain AI no use of phone AI. Google gemini,siri,etc certain types of AI would be allowed, such as the AI on canva to help with projects.The use of AI in schools can benificial with helping create prompts for a students essay to just getting over information. Of course all AI use would be monitered to make sure no one is trying to cheat. It would make school better by allowing for less reliance just yourself and your teacher since info from either isnt always 100% correct. Not saying is completely accurate. But itd be good to have a 3rd opinion.
# October 27, 2025
Some ways technology helped before a natural disaster was telling news stations scientists when a storm is forming,on the way, or currently hitting. The way tech can help during a hurricane are the weather apps on our phone and emergancy service notifications, they can tell us how to prepare,where to evacuate, and if the storm is moving.One way tech can help after a disaster is by calling out to first responders and tell them where people are if they need help. These tools make a differnce by increasing the probability of the peoples chance at survival by giving them early warnings. One tool if possible that i would make is a type of robot that can lift large objects like logs,concrete.small cars and other obstructions that would be in the way to make it easier for our emergancy services.
# November 3, 2025
Big issues with SNAP running out is many low income families rely on SNAP funding to be able to feed their families. Technology can help, by applying and or requesting food stamps through an app it can make food more available to  families everywhere and possibly get food to those who have almost no income at all.Challenges that might exist for people using tech based solutions, is that not everyone knows how to use a phone and the internet as well. Searching through all the apps,websits, and different controls of a smart phone can be difficult for a new user.If i created a tool to help people get food esier it would be called eatgood. Essantially a app that works with emails for ederly and through an app for the younger generations.It would tell them of any/all food drives happening within the area aswell calender times for them, It can also give massive discounts on store bought goods.
# November 12, 2025
I am looking forward to thanks giving break. I'm excited to see my family and enjoy all of the food. I am mainly excited for my aunts broccoli cassarole.I am not ready to do all of the cleaning though.
# November 17, 2025
Technology has changed the way people celebrate during the holidays and in most cases how they connect. During the holiday season millions of people across the world video call,text,or send photos to friends and relatives that are to far to see in person. New toys and tech based presents are also being made all the time. These changes can help the holidays feel more inclusive with a bunch of different types of communication. Developers should make their apps,games, and websites holiday themed but only during the holidays. They can also make holiday apps just in general that can help with planning,themes,decorations,food, and more.              
# December 2, 2025
 One real job that uses drones is a drone show technician. The programmers write complex code to control the movements and actions of the drones to make the show as clean as possible.The pay for a drone show technician is around 50,000 to 100,000 annually. A remote pilot certificate is required to be a drone show technician. Personally i wouldnt want to do this job, it seems like a tons of understanding in a field i dont truly care that much for.
# December 8, 2025
One reason waymo self-driving cars might not recogise a school bus with its arm out is because it might use a different type of sensor. The type of sensors they may use or ai, maybe  the type that dont see color and/or only see generally big objects. If i was a programmer in this situation i would try to implicate a color sensor that can see the red of stop signs and make it so that the sensors can recognize smaller shaped object.Saftery features would be if something is moving with 10-5 feet with a 2-6ft frame that it would come to a stop to avoid crashes.
# December 15,2025
My plans for the break is to sleep,eat,and game all day and night. Nothing else is planned except for some driving.
# January 6, 2026
One way i used technology this break was by using my Meta Quest 2, It is a vitrtual reality device which makes it seem as if you are in the game you are playing.I also used my desktop computer to play games and watch youtube videos.Finally the device I used the most was my phone. I played games,watched videos,recorded and uploaded a ton of content over the time of the break.
# January 12,2026
Autcraft was created because in many online spaces people that were considered different were being ridiculed and bullied. Name calling,doxing,bullying and other harmful actions can be directed towards people in online spaces. Developers wanted to make this server so those with autism can have a safe fun server for them to play without fear of bullying. If the developers ignored saftey and inclusion the server would be no different than any others.
# January 20, 2026
One way technology can create a fair and just society is by helping spread information of politics,protests,injustices, and more.
For example, in 2020 when many unfair police incidents were happening across the country, technology helped spread and show the world those injusticies.It let the people fight for their rights and freedoms. Thanks to technology many people were able to be seen and heard. Their stories spread to each corner of america as a showing that they cant cover up their actions.
# January 29, 2026
The test I took was the Englishh and language test, Nothing about it was really all that challenging. The hardest part was staying awake to be honest. If i had test prep i think it would help me get a higher score, i still passed but it was average.
# Feburary 3, 2026
Personal care and good hygiene  are important because it is a habit that you will take onto your adult life, staing clean helps your body and protects others around you. Loud conversations,strong smells,and distracting behavior can be distracting by leading others attention to the smells and sounds instead of their work or other tasks. Professional behavior can include being respectful,using proper language,having boundries, wearing cologne or some kind of body spray, and making sure to remember that it is a professional setting. One thing I can work one is behavior and know9ing self control.
